4-bit QLoRA via bitsandbytes (4-bit base model + LoRA) (#23479)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/main_classes/quantization.mdx

Learn more about the quantization method in the [LLM.int8()](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.07339) paper, or the [blogpost](https://huggingface.co/blog/hf-bitsandbytes-integration) about the collaboration.

Since its `0.39.0` release, you can load any model that supports `device_map` using 4-bit quantization, leveraging FP4 data type.

Here are the things you can do using `bitsandbytes` integration

### FP4 quantization 

#### Requirements

Make sure that you have installed the requirements below before running any of the code snippets below.

- Latest `bitsandbytes` library
`pip install bitsandbytes>=0.39.0`
- Install latest `accelerate`
`pip install accelerate>0.19.0`
- Latest `transformers>4.29.2`
`pip install transformers>4.29.2`

#### Load a large model in 4bit

> You can load a model by roughly quartering the memory requirements by using `load_in_4bit=True` argument when calling `.from_pretrained` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using `load_in_4bit=True` when calling the `.from_pretrained` method, you can divide your memory use by 4 (roughly).
```
